Add documentation for Global AnalyzerConfig (#20824)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/configuration-options.md

---
# Configuration options for code analysis

> Code analysis rules have various configuration options. These options are specified as key-value pairs in an [analyzer configuration file](configuration-files.md). For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code analysis rules have various configuration options. These options are specified as key-value pairs in an [analyzer configuration file](configuration-files.md) using the syntax `<option key> = <option value>`.
```

> ```ini

Reviewer: Delete lines 12-15.

#### Precedence

> If you have multiple diagnostic severity configuration entries that can be applied to the same rule ID, precedence is chosen in the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple severity configuration entries that can be applied to the same rule ID, precedence is chosen in the following order:
```

```

In the preceding example, all three severity entries are applicable to CA1822. However, using the specified precedence rules, the first rule ID-based entry wins over the next entries. In this example, CA1822 will have an effective severity of `error`. All other rules within the "Performance" category will have a severity of `warning`.

> For information about how inter-file precedence is decided, see [Precedence](configuration-files.md#precedence) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about how inter-file precedence is decided, see the [Precedence section of the Configuration files article](configuration-files.md#precedence).
```
